.\" To review this file formatted
.\" groff -man -Tascii skopeo.1
.\"
.de FN
\fI\|\\$1\|\fP
..
.TH "skopeo" "1" "2016-04-21" "Linux" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
skopeo \(em Inspect Docker images and repositories on registries
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBskopeo copy\fR [\fB--sign-by=\fRkey-ID] source-location destination-location
.PP
\fBskopeo inspect\fR image-name [\fB--raw\fR]
.PP
\fBskopeo layers\fR image-name
.PP
\fBskopeo standalone-sign\fR manifest docker-reference key-fingerprint \%\fB--output\fR|\fB-o\fR signature
.PP
\fBskopeo standalone-verify\fR manifest docker-reference key-fingerprint \%signature
.PP
\fBskopeo help\fR [command]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBskopeo\fR is a command line utility which is able to inspect a repository on a Docker registry and fetch images
layers. It fetches the repository's manifest and it is able to show you a `docker inspect`-like json output about a
whole repository or a tag. This tool, in contrast to docker inspect, helps you gather useful information about a
repository or a tag without requiring you to run `docker pull` - e.g. - which tags are available for the given
repository? which labels the image has?
.SH OPTIONS
.B "--debug"
enable debug output
.PP
.B ""--username"
Username to use to authenicate to the given registry
.PP
.B --password
Password to use to authenicate to the given registry
.PP
.B "--cert-path"
Path to certificates to use to authenicate to the given registry (cert.pem, key.pem)
.PP
.B "--tls-verify"
Whether to verify certificates or not
.PP
.B "--help, -h"
Show help
.PP
.B "--version, -v"
print the version number
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B copy
Copy an image (manifest, filesystem layers, signatures) from one location to another.
.sp
.B source-location
and
.B destination-location
can be \fBdocker://\fRdocker-reference, \fBdir:\fRlocal-path, or \fBatomic:\fRimagestream-name\fB:\fRtag .
.sp
\fB\-\-sign\-by=\fRkey-id
Add a signature by the specified key ID for image name corresponding to \fBdestination-location\fR.
Existing signatures, if any, are preserved as well.
.TP
.B inspect
Return low-level information on images in a registry
.sp
.B image-name
name of image to retrieve information about
.br
.B "--raw"
output raw manifest, default is to format in JSON
.TP
.B layers
Get image layers
.sp
.B image-name
name of the image to retrieve layers
.TP
.B standalone-sign
Create a signature using local files.
This is primarily a debugging tool and should not be part of your normal operational workflow.
.sp
.B manifest
path to file containing manifest of image
.br
.B docker-reference
docker reference of blob to be signed
.br
.B key-fingerprint
key identity to use for signing
.br
.B ""--output, -o"
write signature to given file
.TP
.B standalone-verify
Verify a signature using local files, digest will be printed on success.
This is primarily a debugging tool and should not be part of your normal operational workflow.
.sp
.B manifest
Path to file containing manifest of image
.br
.B docker-reference
docker reference of signed blob
.br
.B key-fingerprint
key identity to use for verification
.br
.B signature
Path to file containing signature
.TP
.B help
show help for \fBskopeo\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Antonio Murdaca <runcom@redhat.com>
.br
Miloslav Trmac <mitr@redhat.com>
.br
Jhon Honce <jhonce@redhat.com>

